# WMT 2020

http://www.statmt.org/wmt20/

[TOC]



## 1 News Translation Task

-   English to/from Chinese
-   English to/from Czech (both directions again)
-   English to/from German
-   English to/from Inuktitut
-   English to/from Japanese
-   English to/from Polish
-   English to/from Russian
-   English to/from Tamil



## 2 BIOMEDICAL TRANSLATION TASK

In this fifth edition of this task, we plan to evaluate systems for the translation of biomedical abstracts for the following languages pairs:

-   English-French and French-English
-   English-Portuguese and Portuguese-English
-   English-Spanish and Spanish-English
-   English-German and German-English
-   English-Chinese and Chinese-English
-   English-Italian and Italian-English
-   English-Russian and Russian-English
-   English-Basque

As well as translation of biomedical terminologies for the following language pair:

-   English-Basque

Parallel corpora will be available for all language pairs but also monoligual corpora for some languages. Evaluation will be carried out both automatically and manually.

## 3 SIMILAR LANGUAGE TRANSLATION TASK

The task is organized to evaluate the performance of state-of-the-art MT systems on translating between pairs of languages from the same language family. We will provide participants with training and testing data from similar languages of three language families: Romance, South-Slavic, and Indo-Aryan languages. Evaluation will be carried out using automatic evaluation metrics and human evaluation.



## 4 AUTOMATIC POST-EDITING TASK

This task will focus on the automatic correction of machine translation outputs given a corpus of (source, target, human post-edit) triplets as training material.



## 5 METRICS TASK

In this task, participants develop software that can assign a score to the output of MT, based on the reference translation or without access to the reference (the "Quality Estimation as a Metric" track). Metrics are assessed on their correlation with human judgement.



## 6 QUALITY ESTIMATION TASK

This consists of several sub-tasks, all of which are concerned with the idea of assessing the quality of MT output without using a reference, at different levels of granularity and including different language pairs, from low to high resource languages.

## 7 LIFELONG LEARNING MT TASK

This task will address the issue of auto-adapting and auto-evaluating MT system across time, i.e. with a stream of incoming data. It will be based on previous News MT tasks (EN-DE and EN-FR) with an evaluation protocol taking the system performance across time into account.

## 8 CHAT TRANSLATION

In the chat translation task we aim at addressing a different type of text in which there is a dialogue between [at least] two speakers and once the sentence is uttered there is a limited possibility to revise it. In this scenario, due to its nature, the sentences tend to be very short with a large number of references to the previous sentences. This makes it necessary to use document-level information for translating the sentences, which makes it more challenging. The parallel data used for training and evaluating the systems belongs to the customer support domain and will be available for the English-German and English-French language pairs.

